Release checklist GH issue template (#1543)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_checklist.md

---
name: Release checklist
about: Log completion of required actions for release testing
title: "Release: <version number>"
labels: "type: release-candidate"
assignees: ""
---

## :white_check_mark: Checklist

<!--
Before reporting a problem please check the following. Replace the empty checkboxes [ ] below with checked ones [x] accordingly.
-->

Refer to the [Deployment](https://data-safe-haven.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment) section of our documentation when completing these steps.

- [ ] Consult the `data-safe-haven/VERSIONING.md` guide and determine the version number of the new release. Record it in the title of this issue.
- [ ] Create a release branch called e.g. `release-v0.0.1`
- [ ] Draft a changelog for the release similar to our previous releases, see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven/releases
- [ ] Deploy an SHM from this branch and save a transcript of the deployment logs in a secure location
- [ ] Build an SRE compute image (SRD) and save transcripts of the logs in a secure location

> - Using the new image, deploy two SREs covering tier 2/3 and Guacamole/RDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the new image, deploy two SREs which between them cover tiers 2 and 3 and Guacamole/Microsoft RDS
```

>     - [ ] Save transcript of T2 SRE deplpoyment log to a secure location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Save transcript of T2 SRE deployment log to a secure location
```

>     - [ ] Save transcript of T2 SRE deplpoyment log to a secure location
>     - [ ] Save transcript of T3 SRE deplpoyment log to a secure location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Save the transcript of your tier 2 SRE deployment
    - [ ] Save the transcript of your tier 3 SRE deployment
```

- [ ] Complete the [Security evaluation checklist](https://data-safe-haven.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment/security_checklist.html) from the deployment documentation

**For MAJOR releases:**

> - [ ] A third party has carried out a full penetration test evaluating (1) external attack surface, (2) ability to exfiltrate data from the system, (3) ability to transfer data between SREs, (4) ability to escalate privileges on the SRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Confirm that a third party has carried out a full penetration test evaluating:
  1. external attack surface
  1. ability to exfiltrate data from the system
  1. ability to transfer data between SREs
  1. ability to escalate privileges on the SRD.
```

---
name: Release checklist
about: Log completion of required actions for release testing
title: "Release: <version number>"
labels: "type: release-candidate"
assignees: ""
---

## :white_check_mark: Checklist

<!--
Before reporting a problem please check the following. Replace the empty checkboxes [ ] below with checked ones [x] accordingly.
-->

Refer to the [Deployment](https://data-safe-haven.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment) section of our documentation when completing these steps.

- [ ] Consult the `data-safe-haven/VERSIONING.md` guide and determine the version number of the new release. Record it in the title of this issue.
- [ ] Create a release branch called e.g. `release-v0.0.1`
- [ ] Draft a changelog for the release similar to our previous releases, see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven/releases

> - [ ] Deploy an SHM from this branch and save a transcript of the deployment logs in a secure location

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Deploy an SHM from this branch and save a transcript of the deployment logs
```

> - [ ] Build an SRE compute image (SRD) and save transcripts of the logs in a secure location

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Build an SRE compute image (SRD) and save transcripts of the logs
```
